---
generator: 'AsciiDoc 8.6.9'
title: 'ofTutorials - Introduction'
...

ofTutorials - 소개
==========================

Jeff Crouse\
 `<jeff@crouse.cc>`\
 version 0.2, September 2013\

Table of Contents

**JavaScript must be enabled in your browser to display the table of
contents.**

이 챕터에서는 openFrameworks를 소개하고 여러분이 첫 프로젝트를 시작할 수 있도록 준비하는 과정을 소개합니다.

![oF
Logo](data:image/png;base64,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)

OpenFrameworks는 무엇입니까? {#_what_is_openframeworks}
=======================
오픈프레임웍스는 실험적인 작업을 위한 간단하고 직관적인 프레임워크를 제공하여 생산적인 프로세스를 돕는 창조적 http://www.openframeworks.cc/about/license.html[오픈소스] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%2B%2B"[C++] 저작도구입니다. 이 저작도구는 아래에 나열된 일반적으로 사용되는 라이브러리들을 오마 일반적인 "접착제"와 같은 역할을 하도록 디자인되어있습니다. (The toolkit is designed to work as a general purpose glue, and wraps together several commonly used libraries, including:)

-   그래픽 :[OpenGL](http://www.opengl.org/),
    [GLEW](http://glew.sourceforge.net/),
    [GLUT](http://www.opengl.org/resources/libraries/glut/),
    [GLFW](http://www.glfw.org/),
    [libtess2](https://code.google.com/p/libtess2/),
    [cairo](http://cairographics.org/) 

-   [rtAudio](http://www.music.mcgill.ca/~gary/rtaudio/),
    [PortAudio](http://www.portaudio.com/) or
    [FMOD](http://www.fmod.org/) and [Kiss
    FFT](http://kissfft.sourceforge.net/) for audio input, output and
    analysis

-   [FreeType](http://freetype.sourceforge.net/index2.html) for fonts

-   [FreeImage](http://freeimage.sourceforge.net/) for image saving and
    loading

-   [Quicktime](http://developer.apple.com/quicktime/) and
    [videoInput](https://github.com/ofTheo/videoInput) for video
    playback and grabbing

-   [Poco](http://pocoproject.org/) for a variety of utilities

The code is written to be massively cross-compatible. Right now we
support five operating systems (Windows, OSX, Linux, iOS, Android) and
four IDEs (XCode, Code::Blocks, and Visual Studio and Eclipse). The API
is designed to be minimal and easy to grasp.

Simply put, openFrameworks is a tool that makes it much easier to make
things with code. We find it super useful, and we hope you do too.

openFrameworks is actively developed by [Zach
Lieberman](http://thesystemis.com/), [Theodore
Watson](http://muonics.net/), and [Arturo
Castro](http://arturocastro.net/), with help from the [OF
community](http://www.openframeworks.cc/community/). openFrameworks is
indebted to two significant precursors: the [Processing development
environment](http://processing.org/), created by [Casey
Reas](http://reas.com/), [Ben Fry](http://benfry.com/) and the
Processing community; and the ACU Toolkit, a privately distributed C++
library developed by Ben Fry and others in the [MIT Media Lab’s
Aesthetics and Computation Group](http://acg.media.mit.edu/).

— openframeworks.cc/about

Some of these packages (like OpenGL) will be explored in more depth in
other parts of the documentation. Most of them do their thing in the
background and you will probably never have to worry about them. Each of
these libraries have their own syntax, conventions, and quirks, but the
beauty of openFrameworks is that you don’t have to worry about them — oF
is a single, consistent interface to the functionality that these other
libraries provide.

Q&A

1.  *Is it a program?*

    OF is not itself a
    [program](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_program) or an
    [application](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_application),
    but you can use OF to write your own programs and applications.

2.  *Is it a programming language?*

    OF does not constitute its own [programming
    language](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language), the
    language you use to write programs with OF is
    [C++](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%2B%2B).

3.  *So it’s a library?*

    OF is in fact made up of several [software
    libraries](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_library) but the
    specific way it integrates these libraries together is more
    appropriately called a software framework.

4.  *What is a software framework?*

    A [software
    framework](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_framework) is a
    kind of pre-fabricated software infrastructure designed to provide
    all of the low level functionality needed for an application while
    allowing a programmer to customize the higher level details of what
    that application should do. One way that using a framework differs
    from using a library is that the flow of control is
    [inverted](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inversion_of_control). A
    library can be directly controlled by your code to perform a set of
    general tasks. In a framework your code responds to events
    controlled by the framework and uses the framework as an interface
    to access the functionality of other libraries.

Sound complicated?

In fact many other multimedia authoring environments work this way even
if they do so less transparently.

Consider this loose analogy: You are writing and directing your own film
and have decided to work with a film production company. The production
company reserves the location, provides all of the infrastructure, finds
the camera crew, lighting director, sound engineer and other important
staff. It makes sure everyone is on the set on time and doing their job
when they should, including you. Your job is to define what happens on
the set once everyone is ready. OpenFrameworks is like a film production
company for your program. It takes care of the administrative and
logistical details and allows you to concentrate on your creative
vision.

1. C++ is a programming language {#_c_is_a_programming_language}
--------------------------------

We learned in the last section that openFrameworks is **not** a
programing language, but rather a software framework for creating
[`c++`](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%2B%2B) programs. But what is c++?

  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------
  ![Note](data:image/png;base64,%0AiVB
  ORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAADAAAAAwCAYAAAB
  XAvmHAAAJhUlEQVRoge2ZWWycVxXHf+fce7/
  v%0Am/GaGCde4pI0aQlJC0kRtE1L00JbLIjY
  4QkeUB9YHhAIJFCExAsKUkE8IAFFPIDUIqhB
  RSDRBUqC%0ACimFFBCBpCWx02IaZ3G2SdyxP
  Z7vHh6+mcnSZnFjKIge6Wj8zYzvPf9z/me5d
  8TM+F8WfbkNuFx5%0ABcDLLf/fAEZGRmx4eN
  h6enqsp6fHhoeHbWRk5D9aFeSlVqHNmzfb6H
  33sHnT7ZQmD5GfOMax6Sm+%0APl5h1Yc+xpY
  tW2SBbX1ReUkRGBkZsdH77mHLW95EOv4Ms3u
  eJh6YYPHUFF9aljJ63z3cf//9/5FI%0AvKQI
  DA8P293L2yhVjjH7t51ocDiviFecF46n7XzB
  reChhx4qNhH5t0XjJUVgx44ddGUZ9b/vIpQD
  %0AoRQIWSDJAiFL6B9axo4dO4gxAmANWVDLG
  +Ln82URMRGhVCqRHxonlAPqFXWKC4r6IhI6O
  MjMzBN4%0A/4LlTUQQEZxzZ32QJAlpmrb+p1
  6vU6vVOHXq1AWjN18AnDj0F971vrs4OnmYJV
  koDA4FCPUO172I%0ACgnt7SV++4vvsGhRJx3
  tJbIsRVVpsUnOBBABBVFEClKYwbKr7sTM7EI
  UnBcA7z21k7t49x1X8JXv%0AbOWra7rw5QRt
  cN8PLCfvvZJvb9vJycpJpg4/hp/N0I4SMQs4
  Jw0A5zBXHGiCaIZIKABgpGlKjPEF%0A0TpT5
  pUDRXiVt99+Le03r+WzuytM1gO6pB/3+o0cb
  xvk8yOPMjW6i2iR2lxOjJDHSDMFogmGwzQ7%
  0ArRJAUpAENAGXIZq2AFzQpvkACCEQcahP+c
  RH3sKHn9zHXU+MM7rtGeD33NDXzaZynZU9gc
  ezpUw9%0AX6OzIyOakkfF4QEpPG6nDRNNEA2
  FSgKimETSNCXPc0II57VpXhEolUqoOrxPSLO
  MT330Dv5SqfKD%0ANR388Y2L+caQsjITNv3p
  MBs3rOT56ZyZGaM+J0QUxDc0INrWUgggoRGB
  AOIRAt77hY1AmqaoeJxP%0AcN645jVDbNn8H
  j73o8fZ/af9mEE9j9y2YRXt5YzZWmRmzjj1/
  BwhTXAKzitOHEbeWlc0AVwDnCv8%0AKoZzjo
  tV33lTSL1HNKAuEtKM1169jM98/E6mTk3x4N
  bd7Bk7TEdHRvAeVY+hmDqmZwx1kIkiqrhz%0
  AS2zL+AbNMC6l/80LgHMOEY9oQvBCks5RKpX
  o7JhFxbhz42pet2aQet1YtLiDJAkIDq8BHwJ
  mwlwO%0AUaD0ojsrNKuUReIZyb9gABCHcwWF
  gg+0lTPyvIRToVzKWLpkMfV6REQplYvmZCj1
  uuBUSdJwTg8A%0AXBdoCZMOsBkQBeGi/J83g
  BgjmABC8AlJGsjzFLMyaXDM1etEA0VR50iCx
  6mSZhkiijpPjEpQD+SF%0A4WdJrTAewdCFB1
  CtVlFVVATnhMQnWJqC5aTBk+c5IIgWRoTgSZ
  JAmiZAo1s7hwsppglI+fTiljeY%0AnyHkLQo
  tKIAYI4igzpFHISQOiwEnKTEG8hhRVZw6YjR
  QLfJGHcF7jleqTBw8znXr12MABnv37efY%0A
  iSnesG4tiUsRUQwD7JIAzKsPqCqiRbVwweM0
  4XdPjhJN+dvTBxgbn6G9q59yZx9/3HWEb33v
  N+zc%0A/RzOJ+w/eJLtO8Z5ZNtT7PvHIUQTv
  vv9X/Lc/mN0d3by3fseRLQwvWh0Fy+h8wbQ2
  VFG1KM+xfuA%0Aqufo8So/fejPPD/rqJys8p
  vf7eLAoeNMHqnw2U9+kH3jVQ5MClMzKUla5o
  br13HliiEMmDx6gltv%0AuY7Vr1nBQF8PJop
  Q9AFTt/AROFfMjCW9XTy19xB33Hodb924jr1
  j+/nDk3/nzTdei4jw3nfeyCOP%0Abufa1y5j
  zeoVrcHM8HR3dfHlr/2Q+x94jFtuuh44/9B2
  PplXDryYLF3STXd3e+t5UXcHY89OsOH6%0AN
  S2Qed7wpM1Rm50G4MGHH2P961Zy3bqreXrPP
  5mrzwLt5y6/cACq1eoLCKm+TN/SAebmfn8aU
  G83%0APYs7+cnPH+eqKwd5as8/edc7bi0284
  7pmVkATk1VWbF8AOcca1Yv59DkqcYK0tCL02
  deACqVCldc%0A0YdIwLmEPM9RV6NnUZlPf3w
  T6oqJcePN6wHhzTeu4/CRCrfctJ4sSxBRli7
  pYfHEMUSU97/7Th75%0A1RP8eec+Yp5zzTVX
  M9DfDyogBvHS6HTJACYmJnjVoq5GFw0454gC
  EOnoaMfiNGZFFRFxJGkbywZ6%0Ai1NWoy9kW
  Ymbb1gHKCHApuGbisVFGyoYUswa5OR5ftF56
  JIBjI6OMtDfWwAQ35jnc8AVpRXBohVq%0AUo
  wECKqK4RBxoE0W6gvGCcEjaOEAwEQWdpgbGx
  ujt7erOLO2mk3R8i0Wz9EiuUGz+qlKEQEUaJ
  bI%0A4lTHmTVePKgWzpDGJGpc8CDTlEsuo88
  ++wxXDA0UIUbAOP23KGZKjI48KnkuhcbiPbP
  COBoeBikO%0ALk2VxjqNRilaAEqSZGEAbN26
  1bZt+zW33XY7IAXXm6Ou0YhIMamaaUOl5WRr
  zg00viuKWWxpQUOH%0ANAZFQRpD48Xlkig0M
  THBB95zG+VSylz1KCbWyDOh2XyK+56IqjWMK
  igkUnzWnPPFFFRRLZ29SQRU%0AELOGY4pZ6L
  KOlM07mZ07d/KOtw1TcB4sGkTDiDQ9K1IkrK
  eYmQC08d7pZLSiRBpE5s7aS0XAHFEK%0AAGY
  51Wr18g80Zmb33nsvX/z8XdSmj2AWOXhwkrx
  e46+79jB55Dh/3T2GxUhHextdXW2sXN7PNWt
  W%0AIQKDA71FFBoAjIgQkVg/a5+oHrU5zIzn
  Dhxk964xKpXKggAoTlWW8+OfPorlOQ//cjsD
  y1bS2dFO%0AW+diVly1iL6+Pqanpzl5qsL4p
  PHwN3/G1InDlMsZ7Z1tDA30cfWqIa5dexV9f
  b2YnT7UTxw4xsHJ%0Ao4yOjfOP8QOMjx/k4O
  Qx7r777lY0zycXvJ02M4sxMjg4SL1eR0TYsG
  EDw8PD9PX10d7ejogUN3a1%0AGqpKCIE8z5m
  dnUVVqVarbN++nba2Nvbu3csDDzyAqrJ8+at
  b+zjn6e/vZ/Xq1axatYq1a9fS29tL%0AlmUM
  DQ1RKpXOm9EXvV6v1+tWr9eZnp5mZmaGWq1G
  jLHF62aiNZ+bnPfe45xrvTZzxMyYmZk56+LX
  %0AzKjX661DvHOOJElIkoRSqYT3/vLvRlW15
  eHCa4VxzdvmpjZDfubzuXeb3vuzqCEixBhbo
  0NTkyS5%0APAr9L8j/96+U/w3yCoCXW14B8H
  LLvwDd67nwZIEPdgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)
  This documentation aims to guide you
  through openFrameworks, during which
  you will become comfortable with the
  `c++` language. But it is beyond its
  scope to delve too deeply into a
  bottom-up introduction to `c++`, so
  if that is what you are after,
  you’ll have better luck with the
  sites listed in the Additional
  Resources appendix.
  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------

`C++` is an extension of [the C
language](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language)), which
was developed in 1979 at Bell Labs. They are both general purpose
computing languages that can be run on virtually any computing platform
in the world. The most basic c++ program looks like this:

    // my first program in C++

    #include <iostream>
    using namespace std;

    int main()
    {
      cout << "Hello World!\n";
      return 0;
    }

  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------
  ![Tip](data:image/png;base64,%0AiVBO
  Rw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAADAAAAAwCAYAAABX
  AvmHAAAKZUlEQVRoge2aa3BU5RmAn3Pbs7fs
  %0AJmwCRGITk0hVLFAtNWoq6pAiU0cKaYfa6
  ShT+YN4YbQw9F/8QX+UMv6gM3Q6oxMV6TgIb
  e10Gq2g%0AcSzDpRaFgmIk4SKB3LP3Pff+SM
  66m+xuFvEyzvSbeefsbva8+z7nvXzf934RHM
  fhmzzEr9uAqx3/%0AB/i6xzceQP6iFDmT1cB
  xHNzCkFsgBEHIXnNeC1f7u1cN4DiOY9s2rli
  WhWVZWRDHcbJGC4KAJElI%0AkoQoioii6Iii
  eFUgnxvAtm3HNdg0Tbq6uuju7ubYsWP09vYy
  MjKCpmmoqkokEqGhoYGFCxfS2tpK%0AW1sbi
  qJkRZIkZxLoikGEK50H3CdumiZ9fX3s3LmT3
  bt3U1V3A0033cKc2nkEQxV4PSqSJOI4Dpqu%
  0Ak0gkGLx8kZ4T7zF87iSrV69m3bp1NDY2oq
  oqHo8HWZa5Uo9cEYBt245lWRiGQUdHB9u2be
  Oe1Y8w%0A/6bFVAT9xJJpYvEUiVSGjG5gmBY
  4DqIoonoUfF4PoYAfRRE5/8kp3njlD6xfv54
  tW7YQCATw+Xyu%0AR8r2RtkAtm07pmly5MgR
  Hn/8cZSaZpbcfjd+n5f+wVEGRqJkdCMv3vME
  8t77vB6qQn4+OX6YsXPH%0A2bp1Ky0tLQQCA
  VRVdb0xI0RZZdQ1ft++fSxbtozrlqzgrnvvI
  5nRee9UL+f6h9B0A1EQEIsBiOKE%0ATL7XdJ
  OBkTg1jYtouu1+1qxZw549e4hGo6TTaUzTxL
  btGZ/ujEmca/wvHnqYnz/2DLNn19B74TID%0
  AI9HPjCvwlLMls4RHdMNC8IRZ8dBmnnp6E7Z
  ts2rVKgB8Ph+yLDulPFEyhBzHcUzT5PDhwyx
  btow1%0Aj3YQqanmozOfEk2kChuLQ3x0lGQi
  hmM7qF4vVdWz8fr9hYFyoK30OG/ufpYXXniB
  1tZWwuEwXq8X%0AWZaLJnZJAMuyHE3TuPPOO
  2lcsoLGpmZO9ZzPM37q0x0ZuISla2xY2077j
  5ZSFargZM9Znt97gE8u%0ADBb3ziRIfPAcF4
  /v59VXX6W6uppQKISqqkiSVBCgaA64odPR0Y
  FS00xjUzNnLlwmmkznxbKYI45j%0Ak04mefa
  ZJ3j04VXMqZ6Fx6Pw3QXXs/3Xv6Tp2rnTALL
  3T8wDBCLz8M2Zz/bt24nFYjPmQ0EAt9b3%0A
  9fWxbds2ltxxD0NjMQbdmC+QlIIgIIkSoWCA
  H971/Wk6PYrCg/f/oHiVmhSP6qWm/gY6Ozvp
  6ekh%0AmUyi6zq2bWeXK+UAYFkWO3fu5N72d
  QT8Pi5cGp6xuoiiiBoMktH0gl5trp87DbqQB
  EMRbl32U3bt%0A2kUikUDTtOzypGwAwzDYvX
  s3316wiEuDoxiGWVaZrAjP4qW/vFUQ4NAHPd
  lwKQWiqF4qa+ro6uoi%0AkUiQTqcxDKM8ADd
  8Xn/9dWZdewMVwSCDo7GicT8NSBTZt/8oT25
  9jgOHThBNpIgmUjy3dz/P7z2Q%0Ar2My7gs9
  FNUXoPpbN9Ld3Z0FKBRG0+YBN3y6u7tpWnAr
  8WR6+gxLfr03TYNMMolhGFimiWVbXDzb%0Ax
  4G3/4XgOIiyTF3DdW45nHG2RhBQfX6q65o5e
  vQoy5cvn9BtWUiSRG5FLQhg2zbHjh3j+tsfK
  Frv%0A3R8EGL7UT23NLNraWmi+ro5r5kSYHa
  kiVOHH7/OiyDKxZIonf9NJIpWZMQcEwOPx4v
  NXcPr0B2Qy%0AmdxEzrO34ExsWRa9vb3csjz
  EaP9w1sUFZ1RBQJJk/vjbTdTXzS2kDoBQwI9
  HmcEDOSJ7PAiiSH9/%0AP7quY5omlmVN01so
  B3Ach5GREbyqiqabM8a+NxAglcmvPOf7h9jR
  +WdOfNQLwNtHTzIeT+XFfdGC%0AIAiIogSOQ
  zQaxTRNdy4ozwO2baNpGpIkY1j2RAJTeJ0jC
  AKRmtmcPHORmkglxz48y/5DJ3jrnUPM%0Ab7
  iGxx7+MZZls/efR0rG/VQPgwMC2eQtZHxRAA
  BVVbM3lEpgV178azcvvfYOgiCgZTJomsbGR9
  oR%0ABIHzl4YYGo2VlcCuWOaE5xVFwbbtqVH
  iCJOZXBQgEomg6zqSKOIUMrqER+LRKItvaub
  W78wH4NLQ%0AWNmx7+q1DB1ZkgmFQohifqS7
  xhcFEEWRhoYGEokEqkeeWPLmurcEiGPbpJJJ
  fvbAPVl95/qHJyYv%0AmH5/EdG1FA5QW1ubz
  Zvc8pm1deoHroKFCxcycPkiPlWdnmC5iTxlV
  k2n0wT9Xu69Y3FW51g8OfH3%0Aye+WnAgnRc
  ukyKQSNDU1Icty7n65NACAJEm0trbSc/zfVA
  T9JZ/U1NWklslwx/duxqMoWX0Zzcy/%0Abwr
  0VCDT0NDTSS6f/ZBFixZlN/ySJJXnAVEUaWt
  rY6DvOIoiFlx5FhPLsrjl5uvzdPq8nsLfL6I
  3%0AFR1FlhUG+v5LS0tLtmtRlgcEYaL5pCgK
  q1ev5lzPKfxeT8FwKSQA115Tk6eztjpcsubn
  6rUMnfj4%0AMLHxIZYuXYrX683rVpQDIIiii
  KIorFu3jn+8vIPKCt+0cCkG4m4Bc0fd3OqCo
  VIIJDo2iCQrvPu3%0AF1m5cmVeu6VQz6hgDr
  j1t7GxkfXr1/Px+wdRPcr02C+wmgxVVnLm3K
  U8ffNmVxX03lSgRHSEVGyc%0AoYt9tLe3U19
  fTzAYzAKUVYVyw0hVVbZs2cJw7/uYyZGSIeC
  CeFWVd499jGGaWX1zq8OfrYOKeC+T%0AijM+
  cBHHsRju/Q9r164lFAoRDAbdPfEVAQiiKOLx
  eAgEAmzdupW/v/A7RLPEyjTHuGjKYMfLb3B5
  %0AeBzdMNl/+CSmZReN+0wqztDFs4iSxIE9O
  9mwYQPhcJhwOEwgEMhN4GkEZXUlYrEYe/bs4
  elfbWLF%0AQ5tQKyJlVaRy+kSJ6AhjA58iih
  Jdf9rBUxufYPny5cyZM6esrkTJxpabzIFAgF
  WrVmHbNps3b+bu%0An6wnVF2H4lHLmlULgZi
  GTmxkgGR8DNu2efOV3/PUxo20tbURiUSorKw
  kEAhkk7fYmLE36rZX0uk0%0A0WiUgwcP0tHR
  QcW8G5ndsIBgaBYe1TvtyRYDMXWNZGyU+Ngw
  kiwz+GkfQ73vsWHDBhYvXkwkEmHW%0ArFmEw
  2G3M1eyR1pWczcXIh6PMz4+zvbt2+ns7OS2+
  x6kanYdqjeA1xdAUb3IioIoSjg42JaJaejo%
  0AmTRaOoGeTiHJEvGxYd55rZP29nbWrl1LOB
  ymqqqKyspKKioqyjK+bIBcCE3TSCaTxGIxen
  p62LVr%0AF11dXdTUL2BO/Xx8/goEUcSxbYS
  J2EGS5IlzgnSC/r4PuXzmOEuXLmXlypXU19c
  TCoUIh8OEQqEr%0A7k5/7vOBdDpNMpkkkUiQ
  SCTo7u7m6NGjnD59mv7+fqLRKIZhoCgKoVCI
  2tpampqaWLRoES0tLfh8%0APvx+P8FgkGAw+
  OWfD7gj94RG13U0TSOdTpNOp8lMbmQ0TcvbA
  rrrK1mW8Xg8eL3e7BLB5/N9dSc0%0AuSP3jM
  wwjKy4G3AXwB0ugAsx5YzMndW//DOy3OFMjG
  wrxrKs7NX9LBfAneFFUcxec6rU5zqpvCqA%0
  AqTCT16/0nPgLA/i6xjf+Xw3+B2ll/uiqTaJ
  TAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)
  You can get a line-by-line breakdown
  of this program in the
  [cplusplus.com "Structure of a
  program"](http://www.cplusplus.com/d
  oc/tutorial/program_structure/)
  tutorial.
  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------

After being run through a compiler, this code will create a fully
executable program. It is an exceedingly simple command-line program
that simply prints "Hello World!" to the console, but a program
nonetheless. You can try it yourself by following these steps:

  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------
  ![Warning](data:image/png;base64,%0A
  iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAADAAAAAwCAYA
  AABXAvmHAAAMVUlEQVRogdWZeXDVVZbHP7/f
  27JB%0AwtJIiCERRFlbx5FuHRrRBgtBsRIwC
  COrFmGmiDBjYVNlQlgiQjU6IjI4xLJxGf5QG
  p0Cbaftsu3R%0Ahu6aYXqgLZoWEsjyyDP7S9
  72e7/l3vnj5cW3Ji9M/zOn6lRS997fvd/vue
  ece+59ipSS/89iv5mP%0AZEQQQsS23RQARVE
  AUFUVRVFQog0ZyogJSClld3c327Ztw7IsLMu
  Kto90KgBsNhtVVVXMnj2bvLw8%0A7Ha7HBEJ
  KWXGKoSQXV1dcsuWLfLSpUsyKkKIIdWyrLTq
  drvlU089Jc+cOSM9Ho8Mh8NSCCEzxTRi%0A8
  JWVlbKtre0vAt6yLGmapmxtbZXr1q2TZ86ck
  W1tbSMikTH4GzduyKqqqkHwsSA1TZOhUChOg
  8Hg%0AoBqGIQ3DSAk+VleuXDliEspwviullD
  09PbzwwgscO3Yszt91XScQCNDZ2YlhGIPfuF
  wu7Pb48FJV%0AlZycnEG/z8/PRwiBqqqDYzw
  eD88//zyrV69m7ty5jBs3DofDMWRgD0lASik
  9Hg979uzh2LFjcYEa%0ACoVob2/n2q9+hbZ5
  85BGSCWltbVMr61NtSYbN25k7dq1zJkzZ1gS
  aqrGWPD79+9PAh8MBuns7OTi%0Ae+8R2rwZC
  YOaqTTt3cuf6+qSwAMcP36co0eP8vXXX9Pd3
  Y1hGMg0lk65A1HwdXV1vPHGG0mW7+jo%0A4A
  8/+xn2BAAAI0riQOnu3cyork7Zt3btWtavX8
  9dd92VdieSCEgppdvt5sCBAxw5ciSuLxQK0d
  TU%0ARMOHHyJ37hwh1NSiAKU7djDzxRdT9q9
  YsYJt27YxY8aMlCTiCEgp5eXLl6mvr+fVV1+
  NmygYDNLW%0A1sY3J09ipLEYQDPw2sBfCTwM
  LARKgKwhiNxWU8OsXbvi2qLYnnzySSorK1Pv
  RGyqvH79uty6dWtS%0ALg8EAvLKlSvyo1275
  M8hSV8H+eMBvRPkP9Vslp0tV6W3u12+c7hOT
  gT5NyAXgtwE8gTIUyn0D9XV%0A0jAMqet6kl
  ZUVMjPP/88KcWqUcs3NjZy+PBhDh06FGeFqN
  tcOnECY8+euICVwDWgFtj/m1/wD+8f%0A5xt
  g6uy5ZI+5BSkkU6fexgu7tvLWhd/x1tXL5P/
  905wAggnzSODavn388Sc/SblDL7/8Mq+99hq
  X%0AL1+OC2zb7t27uX79+u7Dhw+ndJvW1lYa
  P/qI0EDKS1z0XeDjC7/l9llz+d6EWxjv0imd
  cgeFRcVo%0AfR46vm1Cx8ndP5hP3qjR/GDuX
  /GbC5/iberl1qirxGjv73+PYRjc8tBDcVhGj
  RpFRUUF27dvp7i4%0AmPz8fFwuV2QHVq1ald
  LyDQ0NXDt5En91NRIQCRqNHld2HsLUCfu6GD
  9mNIoVQggDy9RQpYLTbkdV%0A7Vh6CH9vJ/f
  cfz/vALsAN2AlzHv1wAEu1tTExUI0Hl555RX
  q6upobm4mEAhECEyePDkOvK7rtLS0%0AcOP0
  aby1tUnAo2oNkFAUSTjoRfN+ix7wgjRBShAC
  VVFQRGSkHvTypwtnmXHPQhrbb3D0k1McAdpi
  %0ADBLVhp/+lIvV1UlV7oQJE8jNzcXtduPz+
  ZIPMtM0aWhooPH99+mtrU1ymVRqUxUQFlJYS
  BFGCivG%0AOSyEaSCFAGlhd+Vy7w/n43BmM3
  POXWx69hl8AyMTDXTl4EEu7t2bCBGAQCCAru
  upCdjtdrp3705r%0A+ViN22YhsUwdyzRBCpA
  CyzIRMnpngCxXNjYlMk4L+ggoYXxp5pbAlX3
  7cDgcSQSEEAxmoVgQg/9n%0AAP67bVdAUcFm
  Q3W6IgtIiWUKLCGwLGvQj69e+m+EsBB6iGB/
  N/3e9oyNlIgRYm5kiR2JH0L6MkFY%0AEi0UQ
  KAycdJUbIodT3Mjpu6n3xfCptoRlomQCqZpR
  khLCykMhLBQSV1HJbalKnvSF3MpNO0OSIEw%
  0ADWyuPCaVzCRv7ER8Ph+mtJM35lZsdjvuxk
  tYhobDkYOCgqJEDWLLaAfSVc1p78SJO2AAvU
  BggLUN%0AKIx2Kgqjv3crY2wOiqaqKKoKihK
  JCctCC/npbW+jq7sbS7UjkGCZCCkQQkdJsV6
  mRWHGBH4HLHpx%0AF3LcGDq6u7nw2S85++V/
  4gb0kB9hFoAZwuZwgc2BqjpQVRWbzYXd4cDl
  ysHn7WJi0W2EfH24XA6E%0AjKySqhTPtDRPI
  jB4XUtoPw3sKV/O+KJipJT4V63mq3/7Obu21
  /LN/5xl9l/PIys7G2fOaBS7E5vN%0AQrU7UW
  0KNlUFp5P8MeO5/8HFhPo7CXr7MMIaQW8neS
  kMlqnEEYj1s8QJbwXaWpopmDgJh93OqHGF%0
  ALFy9jjunTeHNo2uAvUy54/uMuaUYV24BUpV
  YpoVEwaY4UVUbitNJ9ugxOBw2tEAPfX29QCj
  uVB9O%0AEmNBTdeRGEj3A56OdkwtgDDCCKFj
  z8ql6N55/G3VcRouX+SXH72Ht6udcCg4cJiJ
  SPIn8oCloIKU%0AKAhURUUIiVCjx128pjtrE
  iVtFkrMNNOBA+s34XG3YIRDSMtAkSbOrDzuv
  OchHnmiklEFY3n76G7O%0Af/nv9Ht7EMJCSj
  GoljCxjOBAnaSjhYPowevDZrx04FMSGLwnJE
  zmAOYCn33wAUYoiGXoSMsEoeNw%0AZTO2aDr
  zFpWxck0VJVOn4fd2E/T7oneNyOFlGkjLwNT
  D6FoILRQEa/hDcyhJIuB0OlFVNeVE04B3%0A
  XjnC+d9+hRYKYJlhpDBBGDidDiaUfp/xk24n
  J3c0eaPzsKsgzEhtZJkGIuzDNDRCAR99fb30
  9XYh%0ANAYPsnQ6IgJSSgoKCihavDilJZ4Aa
  jf8HVf/fAnLCCNNAyktECaqIsgbV8So0WMHr
  n2RGLBMHREO%0AYBg6eiiIFgzQ7/US8vmYoE
  DuENa/u6oqcwJRPysoKOC+N9+kcNGiJGvkAQ
  uADY+twn3tCuFg/4CV%0ADbB0VKHhzHbhdGV
  hs6kgDKTuR9f86KEAWtBHd0c73p52pB5Av5K
  ewJxnnmHeoUOEw+EkjHEEYi8M%0AEHlFKyws
  5IfHjlG4cGHSxJOA1cATPy7nT388j+73YoYD
  CEuP1DhSRrKOlFhmmLAWQNMCBHw9tHtu%0A8
  K2nBcsI8uGxf8HoiRBINNTtjz7KQ/X1xL6iR
  DHGvubZAfr7+1Nuz+TJk6G+nv/atInmX/86r
  q8A%0AWAlUrahk/Fio/8XHjM4fi93pHCgRFC
  zLQtd1tFAQLeCjs9NNb4cHxdL44J8PozfD7X
  yXRqNy97p1%0APPz220gp0XU9zriKogw+Saq
  qGtmB48ePU15enkRASklRURH31tcz6cEHk1J
  rAfAUcEcPLLjvMU69%0A/694uzsI+X3093TS
  5blBl8eNt72VHk8Tfd9eR+vv4MQ/HkZpiJwt
  tgTL3/Hoo2nBNzY2smjRIhYs%0AWEBBQQEul
  yvyLuT3+2VTUxM7d+7k5MmTKXNuS0sL555+m
  tYvv0zqE0A7kavhqFL4oAlCCWOygGIi%0AqT
  iHyMnuTBgz/bHHKDt9GillnN8D+P1+ysrKWL
  JkCdOmTWPWrFmUlpZGCAghpN/vp7m5mZqaGl
  5/%0A/XUKCwtJFLfbzX+sX8+Nr75K6rtZiXr
  49KVLKf/4Y4QQ6LqeBP6RRx6hvLycadOmMXP
  mTEpKSsjN%0Azf3uZS6WRHV1NadOnUpaTEpJ
  a2sr5zZupOkmSaQqk2csWcLyTz4BQNO0uL7G
  xkbWr1+fErzNZlMG%0Aw1lVVSUvL4+SkhL27
  dvH8uXL8Xg8ceABiouLue+ttyieN2+IK2Z6T
  Rx/5+LFacE3NDRQWVmZFjwk%0AnAOxJF566S
  W2bNnChQsXkmKipKSEB959l9vmzcvo1pZOpz
  /8ME98+mla8Bs2bGDZsmVpwUOa5/VE%0Ad0o
  XE319fXxWXs43Z88m9Q0n03/0I1YPJIRE8Of
  OnWPHjh2UlZUNCT4tgUQSO3fupKqqigceeGC
  w%0AP/a7VM8emUg0VcbK+fPn2bp1KytWrBgW
  /JAEEknU1NTw7LPPMn/+/GFBZQI8lZw/f57n
  nnuO5cuX%0AM2XKlGHBD0sgkURdXR2PP/44F
  RUVNwV+qP7Tp09z8ODBjNxmRAQSSRw4cIBly
  5axdOnSvwh4RVH4%0A4osv2L9/P2VlZRlbfk
  QEEkls376djo4OQqHE83bk4nK5EEKwZs0aSk
  tLRwR+RATgOxItLS1cu3aN%0Avr6+wTfK/4t
  EfzeeMmUKkydPzhg8jJAAREgEg0H6+vrQNC2
  pFL8ZUVWVrKws8vPzycnJQVXVjH/s%0A/F/l
  gJiyQFHragAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)
  This process will vary slightly
  depending on platform. The following
  instructions are for the Mac OS, and
  you must have XCode installed to run
  them.
  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------

### 1.1. Compiling your First c++ program {#_compiling_your_first_c_program}

![PlainText](data:image/png;base64,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%0ANgQ+rQFwhBCIHoABbpP49/8EGAD/OElnbQmMxwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

1.  Paste the code above into a text file and save it on your Desktop as
    **hello.cpp**.

    1.  If you are using TextEdit, make sure you specify that you want
        to save it as "plain text", not "rich text" or anything else.

2.  Go into /Applications/Utilities and double-click on Terminal.app
    ![Terminal.app](data:image/png;base64,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%0AMB/PwMcNvOIG/h/7tzhfUH1g/gAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

3.  Type the following into the Terminal window, pressing enter after
    each line:

<!-- -->

    cd Desktop 
    g++ -o hello hello.cpp 
    ./hello 

  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------
  ![1](data:image/png;base64,%20iVBORw ![2](data:image/png;base64,%20iVBORw
  0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAwAAAAMCAAAAABzHg 0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAwAAAAMCAAAAABzHg
  M7AAAAAmJLR0QAAKqNIzIAAABjSURBVHja%0 M7AAAAAmJLR0QAAKqNIzIAAAB7SURBVHja%0
  AVY6xDcAwCAS/pPQaLim9QmajdOk2I2SNrME AHY6hFcMwDEQ/NDQsNSwU9Apdo7Cw0CsIBoZ
  IlARIoigU8Cek/4e7zdHaWOYOVwaoA6wOCw0 mhKzQEQJLDQsFVclHpHu693W429Zr7bu541P
  5Y7FB%0AgE0tIWQ+sBcwKM8qoD/wB5wGL8hj g3kCm%0AY0K75u9TEUPhuGgWU4mQDvieEaSQ
  fdzWrh01GRp1hInGjDoXwHgsFuzBVLQAAABD EnsT6zKPeZY0EUNtrHMCXvYUuSUg0PsMjUSv
  dEVYdFNvZnR3%0AYXJlAEAoIylJbWFnZU1hZ pysUT6OOSil9%0Aizp/VNk1YJ8vf6MAAABDd
  2ljayA0LjIuOCA5OS8wOC8wMSBjcmlzdHlAb EVYdFNvZnR3YXJlAEAoIylJbWFnZU1hZ2lja
  XlzdGljLmVzLmR1cG9u%0AdC5jb22RuiG4AA yA0LjIuOCA5OS8wOC8w%0AMSBjcmlzdHlAbX
  AAKnRFWHRTaWduYXR1cmUANThhMDcyZTA3MG lzdGljLmVzLmR1cG9udC5jb22RuiG4AAAAKn
  RhMjJmNjEzNWNiZDNlNDE0NTQ2%0AZjloaiH RFWHRTaWduYXR1cmUAODBlYWU1%0AMjljOTR
  tAAAADnRFWHRQYWdlADEyeDEyKzArMIRtu30 hN2Y0N2RlY2NmYWRhMjhhY2I5ZGblb7ENAAA
  AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)                   ADnRFWHRQYWdlADEyeDEyKzArMIRtu30A%0A
  Navigate ("change directory") to the AAAASUVORK5CYII=)
  Desktop                              Use the [g++](http://gcc.gnu.org/)
                                       program to compile hello.cpp (the
                                       source code file) into a program
                                       called "hello"
  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------

The result should look like this:

![Hello
World!](data:image/png;base64,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%0AZwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Congratulations, you’ve just created (and then run) your first c++
program! You should see something that looks like this on your Desktop:

![Your First
Program](data:image/png;base64,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)

This might not look like other programs that you are used to — programs
with flashy custom icons that launch windows and use graphics and
such — but it’s a program nonetheless. In fact, if you dig deep enough,
every program on your computer boils down to a something just like the
*hello* program you just created. The rest is just bells and whistles.

  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------
  ![Important](data:image/png;base64,%
  0AiVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAADAAAAAwCA
  YAAABXAvmHAAALa0lEQVRogdWZa2wc1RXHfz
  M7O/te%0AP9e1vXHSmEdjx3YeDkkaF6REKRR
  CEDSEFNkRjdSWSsgC2iqoRWqLQKiqIBg1NOQ
  DiMeHtkQIQkRR%0AS9S4aWwgCQoUgl232KkT
  28J21l6vd3d2dx79sDuTXdtre03Uqlc62tl5
  3Pv/n3PuOffcKxiGwf9z%0AE//XAL5sk65WR
  0a6AaDrOjMtKwgCoigiCAKCIAhXa9wvTcAEH
  hoc5KMjR7jw3nucf+MN67k/GCS4%0AYQOr77
  yTpl27kGUZm81mXC0ywlLnQDbwEwcO0P2b3y
  z4jV5RwZq2Nm5/5BH8fj+SJGGz2b4UiSUR%0
  AMAzD0DSNEwcO8MdHHln8d0AcsAUCfOe551h
  7yy04HA7sdvuSrVEwAV3XjdDgIC/v2cOl06d
  znqWA%0AJCAAMvn9MwlEgF1PP8037rsPt9uN
  3W5fkjUKIqDrujF+4QLP3XQTU0NDOc8UIAa4
  y8sJtrQQqK/H%0A7XQSfv99Pn/nHQRRxNB16
  /0EEAUatm9n76uv4vP5cDgcBZNYNIF84I0ME
  K20lIZvf5sNe/dSWlqK%0A1+vFxBEZHubT3/
  +evqNHmR4dJRWP55BevW0bra+8gt/vx+l0Ik
  nSokksikA+8ElgClixYwc3799P%0AZWUlTqc
  zbz+x0VFOPvEEQ6dPE/niCwxdt0jUbd1K68s
  vU1xcXBCJBQnMBz5eWkrL/v2s++Y3KSsr%0A
  QxQXlxc7f/5zBjo7CQ8NoadSKKQn943t7dyy
  f79FYjHuNC8BwzAMVVV56Z57+OzNN3PAJ8vK
  +FZH%0AB2s2b55X6/nahRMnOP7TnxLOKEXJy
  O2/+hVf37uXoqIinE6nmfzyksirMjNUvvGjH
  +WAVwG1vJxb%0ADhxg1bp1uFwuMwQWJCu3bW
  PN3r24SkoAcGbA/OXXv2bws8+IRqOkUqlZGX
  1RBAzDMHRd51+nTvHe%0AwYNX7gPTQMO+fax
  av56SkpIlgTdlU3s7TXv2IGUs6AGioRDH2tu
  ZmJggFouhqirGPCzyEUBVVX7X%0A1pZzPwI0
  fP/7bNmzh7KysrzADh8+zP3338++ffs4ePBg
  3vdEUWTDD3/IsuZmRLsdW4bEpd5eOp99%0Al
  nA4jKIoaJqWl8QsAqb2Txw4kDNp40BxXR0bW
  lspLy/PC+qZZ55hdHQUSZIYHByko6ODxx57b
  BZw%0Acy3kq6xk6y9/ib+qCgQBmbQ7nT50iI
  s9PUSjUZLJJIZhzEliLgKMDQzwp5/9zLqnkQ
  51W3/xCwKB%0AAE6nMy+B3t5exsfH6ezspLe
  3l3g8zuHDh2cBz5bKpibWtrXhLi0FwA3owNs
  PP8zExATxeBxVVecy%0AQC4Bc+L+taNjluvU
  33031dddN6/2BUGgpKSE/v5+JicncweaA3i2
  tDz8MIHrr0eU0gsQBzDW10ff%0AyZNEIhESi
  cScrpRDQNd1xgYG+OC3v7XuJQBXIMDWn/yEi
  oqKeUGMjY0hCAKKoszS1MjIyLzfAmx/%0A4g
  mKli0DQcBJOmicfOopJicnicfjJoG5LWBq/+
  Szz+a8oABNe/bgdrvndR1BEKiqqiIejxOLxW
  YR%0ACAaDC0alqjVrqGxowFNWhkDalUKff07
  f3/5mWSFTLFksLAK6rjN+4UKO9lXAUV7O2tb
  WeaNOthZl%0AWZ4FHlh0aN3y4IPIHk+6L8AG
  vNfRQTgctuZCthVEU/u6rnPutddyBk0A9bt3
  W4us+QY2fbyurg6v%0A15vTzw033LBoAsHmZ
  oLNzdgcDgBcQKi/n391dTE9PU0ymcyxgkmAV
  CrF+4cO5WjfFgiwfoGwOTOy%0AlJWVUVtba1
  mkUAKCILClvR1veTkA9owVPnzllZy8YFnA1H
  5/dzfTw8PWgziwcutWfD4fsiwvCNyU%0AxsZ
  G3G43lZWVVl933XVXQQSq161j+ebNlhXcwBd
  nzxIOh60lhmkFEUDTNP7++uvWgBrp6mrNHBk
  3%0AH/BsAtFoFEdm8GAwyMaNGwsiIAgCjbt3
  46uosKwgAp8cPWolNj1THInmsqHn6FGLQApY
  1thIxcqV%0A+Hy+WX6+0ETesWMHLpcLWZZ54
  IEHCgYvCAKrbrsNyem0JrQEXMzkhKzlBaKu6
  1z+97+ZHhnJmbwr%0Atm2zJu5CWp8pra2tND
  U1sXPnTtrb25dEQBAEvrplC57MXJCB8XPniE
  QixONxa6Uq6brOQHd3jvvo%0AQP2ttxZUpMx
  sL7zwwpK+AyxLXrt9Oxe6uxFEEXvGZc4fO0b
  VD35AMplM1wuapjGYtbugAp5AgKLq%0Aaquu
  /W/JTEs37dqFqihWzSADk8PD1jzQNC3tQtmr
  ThUINDbm+H4h0tfXx6OPPsodd9xBW1sbPT09
  %0ABQPPluu2b7fWRxIQ6usjFotZBCRN06wZb
  bZAfT1FRUWWKQtpzz//PMPDw/T09DA1NcXo6
  CjHjx+f%0A11Xma95AwHJjEdB0HUVRrhCYuR
  GrAiXBoFUqFtq6u7sZHx9nJBMUurq65uxnsX
  0Hm5v56A9/ANIJ%0ALXrpEolEwgqlUqZQyPl
  o6OOPlzx5ly1bxnBWQmxpackBW6hSBEC02ax
  rpqasNZGmaek8kN0kYPDj%0Aj1FVdUlz4Mkn
  n6Surs4Cb5aUhYZiUy59+GGOgm3V1WiadiUP
  CILAV9autV5wAaM9PXQeOWJprBBp%0AaGjgx
  IkTpFIpOjs7aWxsXBJwUwZOnUKZmgLS2zl4v
  UjSlV1XURRFqtavv3IDKAVe/O53efPxx69a%
  0ASCxUBs+c4dV77+Vyfz+xy5eBdG3iX7ECm8
  1m9S2JokiwuZmiujrCPT1AuqgOAqcef5zzL7
  7Imt27%0AuemhhyipqVnYZ5cw8bPbR0eOcOa
  ll7g8MEB4aIhEJAJk9qOAwKZNyLJsHpQgRKN
  RIxQK0XPmDH/+%0A3vdQQ6G8na/YtIk199zD
  ypYWVmzceFWAT1y8yMWzZzn/9tv0vfsudqeT
  lKIQHRvL2QSOAqU7d/K1%0AW2/l2muvpba2N
  l3iJhIJIxKJMDw8TO/Zs3zw4x+jTUzkHVCw2
  fCUleHw+QiuXYu/upqqhgb8VVUY%0AhkFNcz
  PFweCs7z556y3r+vyxYwiiyD+PHwdBwNB1kr
  EYhqYRC4UwdB2D9LJmmnRtXHz77VTfeCPL%0
  Aly+ntraWmpqa9MaaqqqGoiiEQiGGhoYYHBz
  k00OHiHR2LkqDNlnG7nJhd7nQswqN+Zogiui
  pFMlY%0ADDWRgBl5KEF6woqAUFFByc03U756
  NZWVlSxfvpyamhoCgQAejwdB13VDVVVisRih
  UIiRkRGGh4cZ%0A+sc/GO3qIt7VhZGJAle7m
  VpWuVKDCBng8jXX4N68Gc8111BUVER5eTnV1
  dVUV1cTCASuFFqGYaDr%0AupFKpYjH40xMTD
  A+Ps7Y2Bjj4+OEw2EmenqYPneO1OAgZCWpxT
  Y9S9QMcLhyHGUDRI8HqbISZ309%0AzoYGnE4
  nHo8Hv99PaWkpgUCAiooK6/DE4XCkI1HW2a6
  hqiqKojA9Pc3k5KQl4XCY6elpotFoetuk%0A
  v59UKIR66RLToRBJTcMYHUWIRvMSMPO6rbY2
  /SsIOFatQpYk5NWrkSQJWZZxOBy43W68Xi9+
  v5+i%0AoiJKSkooLi7G5/PhdruRZdnads85H
  zD3hpLJJIqiEIvFiEajRCIRIpEI0WiUWCxGP
  B631iOKopBK%0ApazUbi4Oc7Y+snKCzWbDZr
  MhSRKSJGG3262w6HK5cLlceDwevF4vPp8Pr9
  eL2+3G5XLhcDjMkxuE%0ATNibdcBhnv9qmkY
  qlSKZTJJIJFAUhXg8jqIoKIpCIpGwSCSTSVR
  VtWSuk3qTiAnebrfngHc4HDid%0ATpxOJy6X
  y7qWZdk6wZzrxCbvCY1JRNd1NE3LAWgSM69n
  gp+PgCiK1gF3NhFTzHvmO+Y3wCzw8xLI%0AJ
  pL5tYCZpEyw2f/nWt1ag2UtM0x3Mq1iAp1j+
  bH0M7KFCGWDnfmbd8AMnuxfUzL/C0rp/wFnF
  d4n%0AEQn3XQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)
  I can hear some people panicing
  right now, but don’t worry! Things
  get much more exciting when we start
  playing with oF. This example was
  only meant to illustrate the
  low-level basics of c++. Hopefully
  you will never have to compile a
  command line program on the command
  line again.
  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------

### 1.2. What is a compiler? and an IDE? {#_what_is_a_compiler_and_an_ide}

If you have used a program like Flash or Processing, you are familliar
with the process of writing some code and then "pressing play" to see it
in action. This is called **compilation** or **compiling**, and it’s
what we just did in the previous section. If you are familliar with
video editing, compiling is somewhat similar to rendering. The idea is
that you must translate the code that is "human readable" into format
that your computer can execute. C, C++, Java, Objective-C, Fortran,
Lisp, Pascal… these are all [compiled
languages](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compiled_language). As cryptic
as they may seem, all of these languages are supposed to be "human
readable". They were created specifically to be written, read, and
understood by humans. But no matter which language you start with, in
the end, it has to be translated into something your computer can
understand. Namely, [machine
code](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_code).

  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------
  ![Note](data:image/png;base64,%0AiVB
  ORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAADAAAAAwCAYAAAB
  XAvmHAAAJhUlEQVRoge2ZWWycVxXHf+fce7/
  v%0Am/GaGCde4pI0aQlJC0kRtE1L00JbLIjY
  4QkeUB9YHhAIJFCExAsKUkE8IAFFPIDUIqhB
  RSDRBUqC%0ACimFFBCBpCWx02IaZ3G2SdyxP
  Z7vHh6+mcnSZnFjKIge6Wj8zYzvPf9z/me5d
  8TM+F8WfbkNuFx5%0ABcDLLf/fAEZGRmx4eN
  h6enqsp6fHhoeHbWRk5D9aFeSlVqHNmzfb6H
  33sHnT7ZQmD5GfOMax6Sm+%0APl5h1Yc+xpY
  tW2SBbX1ReUkRGBkZsdH77mHLW95EOv4Ms3u
  eJh6YYPHUFF9aljJ63z3cf//9/5FI%0AvKQI
  DA8P293L2yhVjjH7t51ocDiviFecF46n7XzB
  reChhx4qNhH5t0XjJUVgx44ddGUZ9b/vIpQD
  %0AoRQIWSDJAiFL6B9axo4dO4gxAmANWVDLG
  +Ln82URMRGhVCqRHxonlAPqFXWKC4r6IhI6O
  MjMzBN4%0A/4LlTUQQEZxzZ32QJAlpmrb+p1
  6vU6vVOHXq1AWjN18AnDj0F971vrs4OnmYJV
  koDA4FCPUO172I%0ACgnt7SV++4vvsGhRJx3
  tJbIsRVVpsUnOBBABBVFEClKYwbKr7sTM7EI
  UnBcA7z21k7t49x1X8JXv%0AbOWra7rw5QRt
  cN8PLCfvvZJvb9vJycpJpg4/hp/N0I4SMQs4
  Jw0A5zBXHGiCaIZIKABgpGlKjPEF%0A0TpT5
  pUDRXiVt99+Le03r+WzuytM1gO6pB/3+o0cb
  xvk8yOPMjW6i2iR2lxOjJDHSDMFogmGwzQ7%
  0ArRJAUpAENAGXIZq2AFzQpvkACCEQcahP+c
  RH3sKHn9zHXU+MM7rtGeD33NDXzaZynZU9gc
  ezpUw9%0AX6OzIyOakkfF4QEpPG6nDRNNEA2
  FSgKimETSNCXPc0II57VpXhEolUqoOrxPSLO
  MT330Dv5SqfKD%0ANR388Y2L+caQsjITNv3p
  MBs3rOT56ZyZGaM+J0QUxDc0INrWUgggoRGB
  AOIRAt77hY1AmqaoeJxP%0AcN645jVDbNn8H
  j73o8fZ/af9mEE9j9y2YRXt5YzZWmRmzjj1/
  BwhTXAKzitOHEbeWlc0AVwDnCv8%0AKoZzjo
  tV33lTSL1HNKAuEtKM1169jM98/E6mTk3x4N
  bd7Bk7TEdHRvAeVY+hmDqmZwx1kIkiqrhz%0
  AS2zL+AbNMC6l/80LgHMOEY9oQvBCks5RKpX
  o7JhFxbhz42pet2aQet1YtLiDJAkIDq8BHwJ
  mwlwO%0AUaD0ojsrNKuUReIZyb9gABCHcwWF
  gg+0lTPyvIRToVzKWLpkMfV6REQplYvmZCj1
  uuBUSdJwTg8A%0AXBdoCZMOsBkQBeGi/J83g
  BgjmABC8AlJGsjzFLMyaXDM1etEA0VR50iCx
  6mSZhkiijpPjEpQD+SF%0A4WdJrTAewdCFB1
  CtVlFVVATnhMQnWJqC5aTBk+c5IIgWRoTgSZ
  JAmiZAo1s7hwsppglI+fTiljeY%0AnyHkLQo
  tKIAYI4igzpFHISQOiwEnKTEG8hhRVZw6YjR
  QLfJGHcF7jleqTBw8znXr12MABnv37efY%0A
  iSnesG4tiUsRUQwD7JIAzKsPqCqiRbVwweM0
  4XdPjhJN+dvTBxgbn6G9q59yZx9/3HWEb33v
  N+zc%0A/RzOJ+w/eJLtO8Z5ZNtT7PvHIUQTv
  vv9X/Lc/mN0d3by3fseRLQwvWh0Fy+h8wbQ2
  VFG1KM+xfuA%0Aqufo8So/fejPPD/rqJys8p
  vf7eLAoeNMHqnw2U9+kH3jVQ5MClMzKUla5o
  br13HliiEMmDx6gltv%0AuY7Vr1nBQF8PJop
  Q9AFTt/AROFfMjCW9XTy19xB33Hodb924jr1
  j+/nDk3/nzTdei4jw3nfeyCOP%0Abufa1y5j
  zeoVrcHM8HR3dfHlr/2Q+x94jFtuuh44/9B2
  PplXDryYLF3STXd3e+t5UXcHY89OsOH6%0AN
  S2Qed7wpM1Rm50G4MGHH2P961Zy3bqreXrPP
  5mrzwLt5y6/cACq1eoLCKm+TN/SAebmfn8aU
  G83%0APYs7+cnPH+eqKwd5as8/edc7bi0284
  7pmVkATk1VWbF8AOcca1Yv59DkqcYK0tCL02
  deACqVCldc%0A0YdIwLmEPM9RV6NnUZlPf3w
  T6oqJcePN6wHhzTeu4/CRCrfctJ4sSxBRli7
  pYfHEMUSU97/7Th75%0A1RP8eec+Yp5zzTVX
  M9DfDyogBvHS6HTJACYmJnjVoq5GFw0454gC
  EOnoaMfiNGZFFRFxJGkbywZ6%0Ai1NWoy9kW
  Ymbb1gHKCHApuGbisVFGyoYUswa5OR5ftF56
  JIBjI6OMtDfWwAQ35jnc8AVpRXBohVq%0AUo
  wECKqK4RBxoE0W6gvGCcEjaOEAwEQWdpgbGx
  ujt7erOLO2mk3R8i0Wz9EiuUGz+qlKEQEUaJ
  bI%0A4lTHmTVePKgWzpDGJGpc8CDTlEsuo88
  ++wxXDA0UIUbAOP23KGZKjI48KnkuhcbiPbP
  COBoeBikO%0ALk2VxjqNRilaAEqSZGEAbN26
  1bZt+zW33XY7IAXXm6Ou0YhIMamaaUOl5WRr
  zg00viuKWWxpQUOH%0ANAZFQRpD48Xlkig0M
  THBB95zG+VSylz1KCbWyDOh2XyK+56IqjWMK
  igkUnzWnPPFFFRRLZ29SQRU%0AELOGY4pZ6L
  KOlM07mZ07d/KOtw1TcB4sGkTDiDQ9K1IkrK
  eYmQC08d7pZLSiRBpE5s7aS0XAHFEK%0AAGY
  51Wr18g80Zmb33nsvX/z8XdSmj2AWOXhwkrx
  e46+79jB55Dh/3T2GxUhHextdXW2sXN7PNWt
  W%0AIQKDA71FFBoAjIgQkVg/a5+oHrU5zIzn
  Dhxk964xKpXKggAoTlWW8+OfPorlOQ//cjsD
  y1bS2dFO%0AW+diVly1iL6+Pqanpzl5qsL4p
  PHwN3/G1InDlMsZ7Z1tDA30cfWqIa5dexV9f
  b2YnT7UTxw4xsHJ%0Ao4yOjfOP8QOMjx/k4O
  Qx7r777lY0zycXvJ02M4sxMjg4SL1eR0TYsG
  EDw8PD9PX10d7ejogUN3a1%0AGqpKCIE8z5m
  dnUVVqVarbN++nba2Nvbu3csDDzyAqrJ8+at
  b+zjn6e/vZ/Xq1axatYq1a9fS29tL%0AlmUM
  DQ1RKpXOm9EXvV6v1+tWr9eZnp5mZmaGWq1G
  jLHF62aiNZ+bnPfe45xrvTZzxMyYmZk56+LX
  %0AzKjX661DvHOOJElIkoRSqYT3/vLvRlW15
  eHCa4VxzdvmpjZDfubzuXeb3vuzqCEixBhbo
  0NTkyS5%0APAr9L8j/96+U/w3yCoCXW14B8H
  LLvwDd67nwZIEPdgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)
  Some languages, such as PHP and
  Python are known as "scripting
  languages." They still require
  compiling, but it happens right
  before the program executes.
  ------------------------------------ ------------------------------------

The program that does the job of taking your code and translating it
into machine code is called the **compiler**. [GCC](http://gcc.gnu.org/)
is one of the most popular compilers. It can compile lots of different
languages. GCC is great for compiling, but knowing exactly how to tell
the program exactly what you want to do is the subject of much headache
and frustration. In the previous section, we conpiled a program with the
simple command "g++ -o hello hello.cpp", but once you start doing stuff
like using existing libraries, optimizing code for particular
processors, bundling your application with resources like images, etc.,
all bets are off. Telling GCC to compile even a moderately complicated
openFrameworks project takes hundreds of lines of isoteric syntax and
invoking dozens of helper tools. It’s super complex.

So instead, most developers use [IDEs (Integrated Development
Environments)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrated_development_environment)
to organize and create code projects. Most IDEs will include a text
editor, a file organizer, a compiler, and lots of GUI interfaces for
customizing all of the options and details of the compilation process.
[Some popular IDEs
are](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_integrated_development_environments):
XCode, Visual Studio, CodeBlocks, Eclipse, NetBeans. There are IDEs for
every operating system and language. Some IDEs are for one specific
language and some support many.

You **might** be able to get away with calling stuff like Flash,
Processing, VVVV, and MaxMSP IDEs — most of the important features are
there. The difference is that IDEs are typically blank slates — they
don’t come with any specific functionality. The other tools, on the
other hand, come with lots of built-in functionality that is usually
optimized for a particular purpose. For insance, Flash compiles programs
to be run on the web, while Processing is a rapid prototyping tool.

openFrameworks definitely comes with a lot of functionality. The
difference with openFrameworks is that it doesn’t come with it’s own
IDE. Technically, you can use whatever IDE you want to create an
openFrameworks project, but just as interfacing with a compiler can be
difficult, the process of setting up a project of any complexity in an
IDE can also be complex and tedious. One of the great things about
openFrameworks is that it provides starting points for several IDEs on
the 3 major platforms. They’ve done the hard work of creating project
templates for 3 different IDEs on the 3 major platforms so all you have
to do is download and start coding.

To get started working with openFrameworks, you will want to download
and install an IDE for your operating system. Guides for installations
can be found here:

#### 1.2.1. Windows {#_windows}

-   [code::blocks setup
    guide](http://www.openframeworks.cc/setup/codeblocks/)

-   [visual studio setup guide](http://www.openframeworks.cc/setup/vs/)

#### 1.2.2. Mac {#_mac}

-   [Xcode Setup Guide](http://www.openframeworks.cc/setup/xcode/)

#### 1.2.3. Linux {#_linux}

-   [linux codeblocks &
    makefiles](http://www.openframeworks.cc/setup/linux-codeblocks/)

-   [Raspberry Pi](http://www.openframeworks.cc/setup/raspberrypi/)

### 1.3. What Can I Make with oF? {#_what_can_i_make_with_of}

The following collection of projects is an attempt to illustrate the
range of different kinds of projects that have been built using
openFrameworks.

#### 1.3.1. Puppet Parade {#_puppet_parade}

by Emily Gobeille and Theo Watson

Puppet Parade is an interactive installation by Emily Gobeille and Theo
Watson of Design I/O that allows children to use their arms to puppeteer
larger than life creatures projected on the wall in front of them. This
dual interactive setup allows children to perform alongside the puppets,
blurring the line between the ‘audience’ and the puppeteers and creating
an endlessly playful dialogue between the children in the space and the
children puppeteering the creatures.

— creativeapplications.net

[More
Information](http://www.creativeapplications.net/openframeworks/puppet-parade-openframeworks/)

#### 1.3.2. Interactive Wall at UD {#_interactive_wall_at_ud}

The 36-foot wall at the University of Dayton’s admission center engages
prospective students and reveals videos of student life at UD. The wall
displays continuously changing patterns of generative graphics, which
respond to the presence of people in front of the wall.

The field of cubes is animated with waves of activity, and a viewer’s
presence causes them to rotate and unveil POV videos of a student
experience. The viewers can explore the videos moving around to reveal
different video fragments. When viewers stand together, their
silhouettes join to reveal more of the video. When no one is present in
the interaction area the installation displays typographic animations
overlaid on the dynamically animated graphic patterns.

For more video documentation and details of design and development
process see the [Case
Study](http://www.flightphase.com/main_wp/case-studies/ud-interactive-wall).

— flightphase.com

[More
information](http://www.flightphase.com/main_wp/expanded-media/interactive-wall-at-ud)

#### 1.3.3. Scramble Suit {#_scramble_suit}

by Arturo Castro and Kyle McDonald

One great thing about openFrameworks is that how easy to incorporate c++
code from pretty much any library. To that end, Arturo and Kyle used a
[Face Tracker library by Jason
Saragih](http://web.mac.com/jsaragih/FaceTracker/FaceTracker.html) to
create a face-replacement technique that Kyle named "Scramble Suit"
inspired by fictional technology from Philip K. Dick’s 1977 novel, "A
Scanner Darkly". It’s effectively a cloak that hides the identity of the
wearer by making it impossible to describe or remember them.

### 1.4. Why openFrameworks? {#_why_openframeworks}

openFrameworks is not the only creative coding framework out there. So
why should you (or shouldn’t you) use openFrameworks?

coming soon…

### 1.5. Additional oF Resources {#_additional_of_resources}

-   [About openFrameworks](http://www.openframeworks.cc/about/) More
    about openFrameworks, including the design methodology.

-   [Official
    Documentation](http://www.openframeworks.cc/documentation/) Where
    you can find descriptions of classes and functions that make up
    openFrameworks

-   [oF Forum](http://forum.openframeworks.cc/) Probably the best place
    to get your questions answered

-   [Programming
    Interactivity](http://www.amazon.com/Programming-Interactivity-Designers-Processing-Openframeworks/dp/0596154143)
    A great book that covers openFrameworks, Processing, and Arduino.

-   [Creative Applications](http://www.creativeapplications.net/)

* * * * *

Version 0.2\
 Last updated 2014-06-02 07:58:42 JST
